The manager of the only record shop in a college town is not concerned with market
competition. Instead, his major decision problem is the sales effort allocation to achieve
the maximum profit. The record shop employs five full-time and four part-time salesmen.
The average regular working time is 160 hours a month for full-time salesmen and 80
10
hours for part-time salesmen. The average sale of records per hour has been five for the
full-time salesmen and two for the part-time salesmen. The average hourly wage rates are
$3.00 for the full-time and $2.00 for the part-time salesmen. The average profit from the
sale of a record is $1.50. In view of the past sales records and the increased enrollment at
the college, the manager feels that the sales goal for September should be 5,500 records.
Since the shop is open six days a week, overtime is often required of salesmen. The
manager believes that a good employer-employee relationship is an essential factor of
business success. Therefore, he decided that a stable employment level with occasional
overtime requirements is a better practice than an unstable employment level with no
overtime. However, he also feels that overtime of more than 100 hours for the full-time
salesmen should be avoided because of the resulting fatigue.
The relative importance of these goals are as follows: the manager gives the first priority
to achievement of the sales goal of 5,500 records in September. Then he wants to limit
the overtime of full-time salesmen to 100 hours. The third goal in line is to provide job
security to salesmen. The manager feels that full utilization is an important factor for a
good employer-employee relationship. However, he is twice as concerned with the full
utilization of full-time salesmen as with the utilization of part-time salesmen. The fourth
and last concern is to minimize the sum of overtime for both full-time and part-time
salesmen. However, differential weights should be assigned to the minimization of
overtime for the full-time and part-time salesmen. Between the full-time and part-time
salesmen, the sales efficiency ratio is 5 to 2, while the hourly wage rate is $4.50
(overtime pay) and $2.00. The marginal profit per hour of overtime is $3.00 for the
full-time salesmen and $1.00 for the part-time salesmen. The relative cost of an hour of
overtime for the part-time salesmen is three times that of the full-time salesmen.
Set up the goal programming model to solve this problem.