We are looking at an alkylation process which will include the following 10 variables: olefin feed (barrels per day), isobutane recycle (barrels per day), acid addition rate (thousands of pounds per day), alkylate yield (barrels per day), isobutane makeup (barrels per day), acid strength (weight per cent), motor octane number, external isobutane-to-olefin ratio, acid dilution factor and F-4 performance number. 

We want to maximize the daily profit of this alkylation process. 
The profit is defined as the revenue generated from the alkylate yield multiplied with the motor octane number, minus the operational costs, which include olefin feed, isobutane recycle, acid addition rate, and isobutane makeup. 

Relationships in terms of other variables for alkylate yield, motor octane number, acid dilution factor, and F-4 performance number can be formulated as regression formulas. 
This regression estimate can deviate in both directions from true value of these variables by 2, 1, 5 and 10 percent, respectively.
Alkylate yield is a function of olefin feed and external isobutane-to-olefine yield. Alkalyte yield equals the amount of olefin feed multiplied by the sum of 1.12, 0.13167 times the external isobutane-to-olefin ratio and -0.00667 times the external isobutane-to-olefin ratio squared.
The motor octane number is derived from the external isobutane-to-olefin ratio and the acid strength. The motor octane number is calculated as the sum of 86.35, 1.098 time external isobutane-to-olefin ratio, -0.038 times the external isobutane-to-olefin ratio squared and 0.325 times acid strength reduced by 89.
The acid dilution factor is calculated based on the F-4 performance number. The acid dillution factor is expressed as 35.82 minus 0.222 times F-4 performance number.
Lastly, the F-4 performance number depends on the motor octane number. F-4 performance number is calculated as -133 plus three times the motor octane number.

There are some additional constraints imposed by the nature of the chemical process.
Each variable has a lower and an upper bound.
The external isobutane-to-olefin ratio needs to equal the ratio of isobutane recycle plus isobutane makeup to olefin feed. 
The acid strength needs to equal the ratio of 93000 times acid addition rate to acid addition rate multiplied by acid dilution factor in addition to 1000 times acid factor. 
Lastly, 1.22 alkylate yield needs to be equal to the combined olefin feed and isobutane makeup.